pages: add sections about local support for bindings in wrangler.toml (#12731)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/functions/bindings.md

While developing locally, interact with your KV namespace by adding `-k <BINDING_NAME>` or `--kv=<BINDING_NAME>` to your run command. For example, if your namespace is bound to `TODO_LIST`, access the KV namespace in your local dev by running `npx wrangler pages dev <OUTPUT_DIR> --kv=TODO_LIST`. The data from this namespace can be accessed using `context.env.TODO_LIST`.

> Alternatively, you can interact with a KV namespace locally via a `wrangler.toml` file. See [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#kv-namespaces) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can interact with a KV namespace locally via a `wrangler.toml` file. Refer to [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#kv-namespaces) for more information.
```

### Interact with your R2 buckets locally

While developing locally, interact with an R2 bucket by adding `--r2=<BINDING_NAME>` to your run command.

{{<Aside type="note">}}
By default, `wrangler dev` automatically persists data.
{{</Aside>}}

If your bucket is bound to `BUCKET`, access this bucket in local dev by running `npx wrangler pages dev <OUTPUT_DIR> --r2=BUCKET`. Interact with this binding by using `context.env` (for example, `context.env.BUCKET`).

> Alternatively, you can interact with an R2 bucket locally via a `wrangler.toml` file. See [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#r2-buckets) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can interact with an R2 bucket locally via a `wrangler.toml` file. Refer to [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#r2-buckets) for more information.
```

Refer to the [D1 client API documentation](/d1/how-to/query-databases/) for the API methods available on your D1 binding.

> Alternatively, you can interact with a D1 database locally via a `wrangler.toml` file. See [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#d1-databases) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can interact with a D1 database locally via a `wrangler.toml` file. Refer to [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#d1-databases) for more information.
```

To interact with a [service binding](/workers/configuration/bindings/about-service-bindings/) while developing locally, run the Worker you want to bind to via `wrangler dev` and in parallel, run `wrangler pages dev` with `--service <BINDING_NAME>=<SCRIPT_NAME>` where `SCRIPT_NAME` indicates the name of the Worker. For example, if your Worker is called `my-worker`, connect with this Worker by running it via `npx wrangler dev` (in the Worker's directory) alongside `npx wrangler pages dev <OUTPUT_DIR> --service MY_SERVICE=my-worker` (in the Pages' directory). Interact with this binding by using `context.env` (for example, `context.env.MY_SERVICE`).

> Alternatively, you can interact with a service binding locally via a `wrangler.toml` file. See [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#service-bindings) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can interact with a service binding locally via a `wrangler.toml` file. Refer to [Wrangler configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#service-bindings) for more information.
```
